Voter Macros (#25)
pulp-platform/redundancy_cells: README.md

## Triple Modular Redundancy majority voters
The `TMR_voter`s are Triple Modular Redundancy majority voters, based on research indicated in the corresponding files. To detect the failing module, additional signals are implemented in higher-level modules.

## Voting Macros
For quickly instantiating voters, the following macros might be useful. They can be used via bender with:
```

> include "redundancy_cells/voters.svh"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`include "redundancy_cells/voters.svh"
```

```
All Macros use the following naming scheme:
`VOTE{Inputs}{Outputs}{Flags}`

- For size `1` outputs can be arbitrarily sized arrays (denoted as size `[K:0]` below), 
- For size `3` inputs and outputs should be arrays of length 3 at the top level which at lower levels can again be arbitrarily (`K`) sized. 
- The size `X` allows for a parameter to determine how many duplicates are used, which allows to make designs which have compile-time switchable redundancy. 
The parameter should have a value of 1 (no redundancy), 2 (fault detection) or 3 (fault correction).

Available Flags are:
- `F` Fault Detection: Additional 1-bit output signal which is one if voting was not unanimous
- `W` Fault Location: Additional 3-bit output signal which specifies which input was different and 1-bit signal if all bits where different

> Voters work with enumerated types, but there is no guarante when multiple faults occurr at once that the output is a valid enum entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Voters work with enumerated types, but there is no guarantee when multiple faults occur at once that the output is a valid enum entry.
```
